I got in touch with Rio Ozaki.
We're going to meet now.
-She can't!
-Let's go. Hurry!
If Rio's the culprit, Yui's in danger.
She may think Yui knows something.
Please call Yui.
Tell her not to meet with Rio.
I knew it! I thought you looked familiar.
I'm meeting up with a friend.
What about you?
I was meeting with
one of the kids' parents.
Oh, yeah.
Eisuke,
do you know anything about Rio--
I'm sorry.
I need to get going.
Let's talk about Naoki another time.
-See you later.
-Alright.
Thank goodness.
She didn't show up after all.
-Rio.
-Yeah.
What about Naoki?
He's here.
And he wants to…
I'd rather you tell her.
I have something to tell you about Naoki.
-Now?
-Yes.
But why were you
with the suspect's girlfriend?
That was because… uh…
-It's a long story…
-I'll get permission from the Chief.
It's Naoki.
There's no mistake.
This is the murder victim,
Suzuka Takahara.
Do you know her?
No, I don't.
Please let me know if you recognize
anyone in the video I'm about to show you.
Well?
I'm sorry.
I don't recognize any of them.
I'll take you home since it's late.
Are you concerned about me
because of the case?
No, it's not just that.
Is Naoki a suspect?
Since we don't know where he is,
he's not exonerated of the charge.
No…
-It can't be.
-Well, even so…
Even though we may know Naoki,
we don't know everything about him.
-Huh?
-You still suspect me?
Personally, I don't want to believe
you killed a person, however…
-I didn't--
-It's true…
I don't know anything about Naoki.
Huh?
I wish I had listened
to him more carefully.
I regret that.
-About things like his family…
-No…
This has nothing to do with family. It's--
Maybe I don't really know him at all.
What?
However,
Naoki
would never kill a person.
I don't know everything.
But I'm confident…
That the Naoki I know
is the real Naoki.
I want to get to the bottom of this.
Please, just don't do anything dangerous.
He's asking you not
to do anything dangerous.
I know.
There's not much I can do anyway.
But, I don't want Naoki to
remain under suspicion.
I don't want anything to happen to you.
Naoki doesn't want anything to happen to--
I'm sorry you have to tell me
everything word-by-word.
I wish I could communicate with Naoki
even if it's just by saying "Yes" or "No."
I don't mind. It's just…
the atmosphere between you two
makes me blush.
I'm not immune
to those kind of situations.
It happens, sometimes.
A couple starts making out
in a police car.
-It's not like that!
-It's not like that.
MONDAY, JANUARY 23RD
Could you be
looking for me, perhaps?
UEDA BUILDING
You still haven't figured it out?
Ah, well… I kind of had an idea, but…
Just wish for it.
It's important to visualize it.
Welcome to my base.
We just passed the call center
where I used to work.
My apartment has already been
occupied by someone else.
Well, make yourself comfortable.
TEMPORARILY CLOSED
Communicating with your girlfriend, huh?
I'd like to communicate with her somehow.
There's a thing called ghost motioning.
Motioning?
For us,
it's relatively easy to get through.
However, you can't bump into anything.
You can't touch anything.
You'll phase right through an object.
But since we do exist,
it doesn't mean we can't move things.
Really?
PLEASE SMOKE IN THE SMOKING AREA
The first thing we can move is the air.
Because it's the lightest.
If I say a bad joke or something,
it'll get a little heavy.
"Where did the ghost go on vacation?"
"Mali-Boo!" Something like that.
See, heavy silence.
SUMITOMO REAL ESTATE
Hello, my name is Soma
and I will be your stylist today.
Thank you.
What would you like to do today?
I'm concerned about the damaged ends.
Could you please trim the ends a little?
Well, practice makes perfect.
Alright.
Come back again if you have
something else on your mind.
I'm your senior after all.
Please help me again.
Yeah.
My name's Naoki Torino.
I'm Masamichi Higuchi.
Pleased to meet you.
Mr. Higuchi.
See you.
Oh, yeah, do you know
what can trigger someone
to possess a person's body?
What?!
It's impossible to possess someone.
Well, I was able to a while ago.
Really?
-Could it be…
-I could do it if I wanted to!
My husband and I are quite
far apart in age,
so he's patient with me.
You're taken good care of.
When I hear that
I think it must be nice
to have an age gap.
Do you have a boyfriend?
Yeah, we're the same age.
I've known him since middle school,
so we don't hold back.
So you'll get married eventually?
-I'm sorry.
-It's nothing.
Something's come up recently.
He's gone far away…
where it's not easy to see each other.
I'm sorry for talking about this.
Don't worry.
Hey…
Have we met somewhere before?
Huh?
No.
You're right. I'm sorry.
KANAGAWA PREFECTURE
SAKIHAMA POLICE STATION
After the incident,
Suzuka Takahara's phone
was taken and never found.
But a few days before she was killed,
there were two numbers
she was calling frequently.
One is a real estate-related company
in Shinjuku, Tokyo,
Ishioka Estate's business cell phone.
The other is the missing person,
Naoki Torino.
Naoki Torino's involvement is conclusive.
Let's investigate
his family and acquaintances.
Apple.
It's an apple.
She's wearing glasses and a hat.
You're wearing glasses and a hat.
-She looks super cute.
-Huh?
-You look super cute!
-Don't say that.
He told me not to tell you
but I did anyway.
You got everything right.
That was really amazing.
You really can pass through the door.
Yeah, I'm already getting used to it.
But wait…
Was it really necessary for him
to pass through the door?
Naoki could be here and see what I have
and yell the answer to you.
Wouldn't that work?
It's not working at all.
Oh? They're making curry next door.
-Curry?
You can smell that?
Yes, I can. Is she hungry?
He can smell it.
He's asking if you're hungry.
I'm actually really hungry.
I've been trying to keep
my stomach from rumbling.
-Shall we make something?
-Let's make something.
I told you to wipe off the marinade
before putting it in the pan.
-It's fine. Let me do it.
-Ah, sorry.
You should at least be able to
make ginger pork.
It seems you got dumped recently.
Yeah.
Where did you hear that from?
It has nothing to do with this.
What?
Well, there's always next time.
Just be glad I can't touch you.
By the way,
when you made Naoki's hamburger steak
was that really Naoki
taking over your body?
Yeah, probably.
If that's the case, should it ever be
necessary he could take over
your body once again?
Then we could talk normally.
No, no. It's scary, so please don't.
-It's fine. Let's give it a try.
-No, no.
I just have to wish for it?
Or visualize it?
-Yo!
-Scary!
What? Is he trying?
Hey, stop.
-Yo!
-I'm scared.
It's no good. It won't work.
How did I do it last time?
Yui.
It's me. Can you tell?
No, wait. It's not me, Yui!
No!
Naoki never says my name like that.
Just thinking of Naoki saying that,
sends chills down my spine.
Sorry about that.
Hey.
That could've been a big problem.
If you impersonate me
and do anything to Yui…
Seriously.
I'll curse you to death.
-Sorry, I only had good intentions.
-Don't joke around.
-Let's eat.
It's delicious.
Well, it worked out well.
Yum.
He's saying "Yum."
It's hard for me to eat
with you looking at me like that.
It's nerve-racking cooking
for a professional, you know?
How is it?
It's good.
-Really?
-It's true.
I mean, it doesn't have to
taste great, you know?
Ah, no. I'm sorry.
It's really good.
It's good, isn't it?
I hate you.
I really hate that about you.
It's good.
Did Naoki fall asleep?
Yes.
I wonder if he has the desire for sleep.
-I'm sure he's tired.
-Well…
that's true.
When Naoki wakes up,
he'll realize again
and think "Oh, it's not a dream.
I might not be alive."
That must be extremely
terrifying.
I wonder what I can do
for him.
I was able to spend today
laughing like this
because Naoki told you to do so, right?
Yeah.
It's always me,
who's getting the help.
It's always been that way.
All things considered,
it must be so much harder for Naoki.
You're right.
Even so,
I can't see him, but
I know he looks like
it doesn't bother him.
Naoki doesn't show much emotion,
but…
I think he's really frustrated,
lonely,
and scared.
He must be going through
those kinds of painful feelings.
I'd like to lighten him up a bit.
YOKOHAMA MEDICAL UNIVERSITY HOSPITAL
TUESDAY, JANUARY 24TH, 2023
According to the test results,
no problems were noted.
I still think stress is the cause.
I see.
If there is anything I can do to help you,
please feel free to ask me.
-Um.
-Yes?
Is it possible
to see ghosts?
It's not like I can see them, but…
No, that's not the point.
-Sorry, I said something weird.
-No… it's possible.
Huh?
Humans are creatures
that can see the invisible.
They can also hear things others cannot.
But that's because
it's a hallucination caused
by the human brain.
It's a kind of symptom which the brain
makes the person see or hear things.
In reality, ghosts don't exist.
Is… that so?
I'm starving.
I understand.
Ah, it's hot!
Are you okay? Your hand…
I'm fine.
Oh, thank God.
I was just about to drop it.
Huh?
I'm into this right now.
I really love this haircut.
It's very low maintenance.
Oh, really? I'm glad to hear that.
Um…
Since we're here chatting,
can I ask you something?
Yes? What is it?
The person who picked you
up at the hospital the other day…
is he a family member?
Huh?
Can you see him too?
See him?
You're talking about Mr. Uozumi.
He's a police officer I met
due to a situation.
He's with the Sakihama Police.
Oh, is that so?
Why did you ask?
He looked very much like someone I knew.
They look exactly alike.
Who is that person?
My husband.
Or… he was my husband.
I guess.
But my husband is Korean,
so it can't be him.
When you say "was,"
do you mean you're divorced?
He died in an accident.
Excuse me. I'm sorry.
I'm fine now.
It's just that they looked really similar.
I was so surprised.
I thought I'd seen a ghost.
I apologize for the wait.
I'm Yukihiko Torino.
I'm Tajima from Kanagawa Prefecture,
Sakihama Police.
-Thank you for your time.
-Thank you.
I'm Uozumi.
I understand what you're saying.
My oldest son, Naoki, is missing.
And he may have been involved in a murder.
I know this must have come
as a surprise to you.
I haven't seen Naoki in 20 years.
Ever since he was a child,
we didn't have a very good relationship.
After the birth of his younger brother,
our relationship grew worse.
I see.
My second son had a difficult illness.
No, that's not the only reason.
For Naoki,
it must have been painful to live with us.
Living apart was the right thing.
You didn't keep in touch with him?
Not since he moved
into the dorms in high school.
What about recently?
I'm going to be honest.
I was relieved to be separated from Naoki.
It's fine with me if we don't have
to deal with each other again.
Even when I heard he was missing,
I thought, "So be it."
If he committed a serious crime,
that would be a problem.
But he's an adult.
Frankly, it has nothing to do
with me anymore.
Even though I'm his father,
this is how I feel.
I'm sorry.
I didn't know how to act like a father.
So that's how it is.
It's his own son.
That's harsh.
Sorry, Tajima.
I need to talk to you.
Do you know what you're saying?
I know. I know that
everything I'm saying is true.
Okay…
Oh, man.
We'll be in a tight spot
if you leave the field now.
But…
We need to report this
to the Chief, right?
But it's all true.
It's true that I can see
the ghost of Naoki Torino.
He told me about the incident himself.
He says he didn't see
Suzuka Takahara that day.
That means, someone else is the killer.
I wonder if Uozumi is doing alright.
Most people would be skeptical if someone
suddenly said they could see ghosts.
I hope he doesn't just say it directly.
Like the time he told you
"He's standing next to me.
Can you see him?"
That's just not how it's done.
What is it?
Wait.
Hello, Mr. Uozumi? May I ask a favor?
Can I see
the security camera footage again?
Is he here?
-Yes.
-He's here?
He's right behind you.
Hi.
I don't believe it.
Please show me what happened
after Naoki left.
-It was shown to me once before.
-Sure.
Her!
I think…
this woman is Rio Ozaki.
What?
This person came to my salon yesterday.
Rio was there yesterday?
I realized it when I remembered
this footage.
She had a different name
and gave off a very different impression.
I believe she is Rio Ozaki.
Rio
might have come to see me
to confirm something about the case.
Yesterday, we received
information about Rio Ozaki
from the girlfriend of Naoki Torino.
She was Suzuka Takahara's friend
since middle school.
Suzuka Takahara had been in contact
with her before the incident.
Ishioka Estate, a real estate company,
has a cell phone for business use.
This is what Rio Ozaki
used to contact her.
Was she an employee?
No, Rio Ozaki is the common-law partner
of the company's founder, Seijiro Ishioka.
She uses the alias "Miyako Ishioka."
The profile is a close match
to the woman from the security footage.
Let's consider Miyako Ishioka
as a person of interest.
Yes, sir.
Miyako hasn't been back
for about two weeks.
I understand that Miyako Ishioka
is an alias she's using.
Her real name is Rio Ozaki.
Huh,
maybe that was her name.
She was a hostess at a restaurant
where I was a regular.
She seemed like a person with a past
she was trying to hide.
Well, knowing that,
I asked her to be with me
and I promised not to ask any questions.
Miyako Ishioka and Seijiro Ishioka
are in a common-law marriage.
We have a signed letter of intent to waive
any rights to inheritance from
their common-law marriage.
PERSON OF INTEREST
RIO OZAKI (MIYAKO ISHIOKA)
Miyako told me
she doesn't need money,
land, or anything else,
so to let her be free
to do whatever she wants.
So, even if she's disappeared,
I don't think there's anything I can do.
This person's missing too?
How are Rio Ozaki
and Naoki Torino connected?
They were both placed in
the same foster home,
where they lived together
for a few months.
What about Naoki Torino's family?
I spoke to his father, Yukihiko Torino.
The family didn't seem to have
a very good relationship.
We also received an inquiry
from Naoki Torino's mother.
Naoki's mother wants to meet me?
She really wants to meet you in person.
We never dared to ask each other
about our families.
Even after we reunited.
It was kind of an unspoken rule.
I see.
But,
now I want to know.
Can you ask him
if it's okay to meet her?
Sure.
She says she wants to know
about your family.
She's asking if it's okay to meet her.
I knew I had to tell her eventually
if we were going to marry.
But now that I'm like this,
won't it just make Yui feel bad
if she finds out?
Do you think I should let her?
Can you go see her?
I know you must think
it's too late for this,
since I left him for so long.
Not at all.
Please let me know
if you have any idea
where he might've gone.
I want to know where Naoki is.
No matter what.
I…
feel the same way.
Sorry to interrupt.
I'm Uozumi from the Sakihama police.
I spoke to your husband the other day.
Yes, I heard.
I'd like to be present for this.
-I'll just be right over there.
-Okay.
Naoki has a brother
who's eight years younger.
His name is Takumi.
This…
is Takumi.
23 YEARS AGO
Takumi was diagnosed with
a blood disease when he was three.
It's a rare disease in children that
causes an abnormality in the blood cells.
Mommy.
He just woke up. I think he has a fever.
Takumi.
There's a blood type called HLA,
and when a bone marrow transplant
called haplotransplantation is completed
it goes into remission.
And by doing this, he would get better.
I see.
The one with the highest match rate
was Naoki.
I'm sorry.
I'm completely fine.
Okay.
Enough! You're acting crazy.
It's only natural for a parent
to want to save their child!
Even so, my life is already messed up.
We can choose to let nature take
its course with Takumi.
You want him to die?
Think about Naoki and his body too!
Don't act like it's for my sake.
I'm fine. If you want me
to do another transplant, I'll do it.
We're all just barely scraping by.
Including Takumi and Mom.
Yet you're the one getting
discouraged first.
In the end, you're the weakest one.
If you want to make things easier
by letting Takumi die, just say so.
Naoki had become Takumi's
bone marrow donor
twice by the age of 13.
Naoki could calmly
see through our weak points.
Even I was a little
frightened.
Don't let your father see you.
Tell me if anything happens.
Mom.
I…
I'll talk to the Child Welfare Department.
What?
There's a Child Welfare Department.
I looked it up. They have a facility.
I saw they have a foster care system.
-I want to go.
-Wait.
I need parental consent.
You'll have to do the paperwork.
I need you…
to stay.
Even after Naoki was an adult,
he always told me where to find him.
When Takumi was 17, he relapsed again.
I contacted him
and he agreed to the transplant.
Huh?
You mean,
that was the only time
you contacted Naoki?
Yes.
Naoki may already be dead.
What if Takumi relapses again?
No, wait…
That's not what I meant.
It's not that…
I'm going back to the station.
Okay.
I knew this would happen.
You must be troubled
after hearing such a heavy story.
-I shouldn't have let you--
-Naoki.
Are you there?
Uozumi isn't here so I can't tell.
-Sorry.
-No.
Right now,
I can't hear you.
So,
I can only convey my feelings
one-sidedly, however,
I will be direct in telling you
about how I feel.
So, listen.
I…
love you.
I love you
more than anything
in this world.
It's not logical.
I don't know what it is,
but I love you
the most.
You're kind,
and you're passionate about your work.
You're also fun to talk to.
There's a lot I've come to love about you.
But those things, how do I say it…
It's like hiding behind an excuse.
I don't love you because of those reasons.
It's not logical,
I just love you.
When you're here,
I can't keep my eyes off of you.
When you laugh, it makes me
so happy that I laugh too.
When you're sad,
my heart breaks as well.
I'll say it again and again.
I love you.
I don't want anyone else.
A world without you,
wouldn't have any meaning.
I'm telling you
because I can.
I don't need an answer.
I'm in love with you.
I don't need a reason.
Thank goodness Yui can't see me.
I'll look for my body.
If they find Naoki's body,
will he be gone for good?
Attain Buddhahood?
Does anyone look familiar?
No, I only recognize Naoki.
I can't forgive whoever did this to Naoki.
Yui…
I'll never forgive them!